Update watchdog.md (#8220)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/watchdog.md

**Note**: Archiving does not prevent Watchdog from flagging future issues related to the service or resource.

##### Related Dashboards

> To speed up further investigations, we may suggest some of your dashboards that are related to the story. In this case, we'll highlight which of the dashboard's metrics are related to the insights in the story. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To speed up further investigations, Datadog may suggest some of your dashboards that are related to the story. In this case, Datadog will highlight which of the dashboard's metrics are related to the insights in the story. 
```
